The plugin is pretty simple right now, but works for me under Windows
NT sp6a with clearcase version 4.2 and eclipse version >= F3 (Due to API
changes, older versions of eclipse need older versions of the plugin)
If you get the plugin working with a different configuration, feel
free to post your setup to the sourceforge forums for this project

I only use dynamic views, so I have only really tested it
with them.  I have added some basic snapshot view functionality
(such as update), but no guarantees as to how well it works.
The way I use it is to create my project directory in a
clearcase view, and _then_ create a new eclipse project,
pointing it to that directory in the view.  Once I have an
eclipse project that uses a clearcase directory as its project
directory, I can then associate that project with my plugin by
selecting the project in the resource tree view, right click,
then Team->Associate with clearcase. After this, clearcase
operations are then active for all resources in the project.

--- RDM  ---
One possible way to work with Snapshot views using windows is the following.
Your snapshot-views are attached to a certain directory on your disk.
e.g c:\views
I'll presume this folder contains a snapshot view named "MyView"

Startup eclipse with '-data' parameter to denote this directory as workfolder
C:\eclipse\eclipse.exe -data c:\views 
As from Eclipse2.1 you can also use linked folders

Create a new project with the same name as the snapshot view you want to work on
(in this case "MyView")
Select the source directory in the view as SourceFolder. 
(e.g. c:\views\MyView\VOBName\src)
Click OK.

Associate Clearcase with that project
---

There is currently no way to add an existing eclipse project to
clearcase version control - though once you have a
Project dir under clearcase, you can add a subtree of
files to clearcase, so only requirement is the initial
project directory under clearcase.

You can do some basic configuration via the eclipse preferences
dialog, under the Team->Clearcase entry.
